So the data we're using to build this activity classifier comes
from a dataset called the Wrist PPG During Exercise dataset.
This dataset is hosted on PhysioNet,
which is a great resource for physiologic signals.
The best part is that, most of the datasets are open access,
which means you can use it for your own projects or for publishing
a paper or you can even use it to make money by teaching a course on Udacity.
So the Wrist PPG dataset contains data
from eight subjects that are doing the following four activities,
they're walking, jogging and then on an exercise bike at two different intensities.
We have PPG data,
ECG data as well as three channel accelerometer data.
Because we're just building activity classifier,
I threw out the PPG and ECG data.
I've also combined these two bike activity classes into
the same activity class to make the problem a little bit easier.
Finally, we should note that the data is all sampled at 256 hertz.
All right. Let's check this out in python and in the next video.